the word of the Lord came again to me
the word of the Lord came again to me saying son of man there were two women
saying son of man there were two women
saying son of man there were two women the daughters of one mother they
the daughters of one mother they
the daughters of one mother they committed harlotry in Egypt they
committed harlotry in Egypt they
committed harlotry in Egypt they committed harlotry in their youth their
committed harlotry in their youth their
committed harlotry in their youth their breasts were there embraced their virgin
breasts were there embraced their virgin
breasts were there embraced their virgin bosom was there oppressed their names
bosom was there oppressed their names
bosom was there oppressed their names Oh hoola the elder and O Halawa her
Oh hoola the elder and O Halawa her
Oh hoola the elder and O Halawa her sister they were mine and they bore sons
sister they were mine and they bore sons
sister they were mine and they bore sons and daughters
and daughters
and daughters as for their names Samaria is ojala and
as for their names Samaria is ojala and
as for their names Samaria is ojala and Jerusalem is Ho Halawa ojala played the
Jerusalem is Ho Halawa ojala played the
Jerusalem is Ho Halawa ojala played the harlot even though she was mine and she
harlot even though she was mine and she
harlot even though she was mine and she lusted for her lover's the neighboring
lusted for her lover's the neighboring
lusted for her lover's the neighboring Assyrians who were clothed in purple
Assyrians who were clothed in purple
Assyrians who were clothed in purple captain's and rulers all of them
captain's and rulers all of them
captain's and rulers all of them desirable young men horsemen riding on
desirable young men horsemen riding on
desirable young men horsemen riding on horses
horses
horses thus she committed her harlotry with
thus she committed her harlotry with
thus she committed her harlotry with them all of them choice men of Assyria
them all of them choice men of Assyria
them all of them choice men of Assyria and with all for whom she lusted with
and with all for whom she lusted with
and with all for whom she lusted with all their idols she defiled herself she
all their idols she defiled herself she
all their idols she defiled herself she has never given up her harlotry brought
has never given up her harlotry brought
has never given up her harlotry brought from Egypt for in her youth
from Egypt for in her youth
from Egypt for in her youth they had lain with her pressed her
they had lain with her pressed her
they had lain with her pressed her virgin bosom and poured out their
virgin bosom and poured out their
virgin bosom and poured out their immorality upon her therefore I have
immorality upon her therefore I have
immorality upon her therefore I have delivered her into the hand of her
delivered her into the hand of her
delivered her into the hand of her lovers into the hand of the Assyrians
lovers into the hand of the Assyrians
lovers into the hand of the Assyrians for whom she lusted they uncovered her
for whom she lusted they uncovered her
for whom she lusted they uncovered her nakedness took away her sons and
nakedness took away her sons and
nakedness took away her sons and daughters and slew her with the sword
daughters and slew her with the sword
daughters and slew her with the sword she became a byword among women for they
she became a byword among women for they
she became a byword among women for they had executed judgment on her now
had executed judgment on her now
had executed judgment on her now although her sister o Halawa saw this
although her sister o Halawa saw this
although her sister o Halawa saw this she became more corrupt in her lust than
she became more corrupt in her lust than
she became more corrupt in her lust than she and in her harlotry more corrupt
she and in her harlotry more corrupt
she and in her harlotry more corrupt than her sisters harlotry she lusted for
than her sisters harlotry she lusted for
than her sisters harlotry she lusted for the neighbouring Assyrians captain's and
the neighbouring Assyrians captain's and
the neighbouring Assyrians captain's and rulers clothed most gorgeously horsemen
rulers clothed most gorgeously horsemen
rulers clothed most gorgeously horsemen riding on horses all of them desirable
riding on horses all of them desirable
riding on horses all of them desirable young men then I saw that she was
young men then I saw that she was
young men then I saw that she was defiled both took the same way
defiled both took the same way
defiled both took the same way but she increased her harlotry she
but she increased her harlotry she
but she increased her harlotry she looked at men portrayed on the wall
looked at men portrayed on the wall
looked at men portrayed on the wall images of Chaldeans portrayed in
images of Chaldeans portrayed in
images of Chaldeans portrayed in Vermillion girded with belts around
Vermillion girded with belts around
Vermillion girded with belts around their waist flowing turbans on their
their waist flowing turbans on their
their waist flowing turbans on their heads all of them looking like captains
heads all of them looking like captains
heads all of them looking like captains in the manner of the Babylonians of
in the manner of the Babylonians of
in the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea the land of their Nativity as
Chaldea the land of their Nativity as
Chaldea the land of their Nativity as soon as her eyes saw them she lusted for
soon as her eyes saw them she lusted for
soon as her eyes saw them she lusted for them and sent messengers to them in
them and sent messengers to them in
them and sent messengers to them in Chaldea then the Babylonians came to her
Chaldea then the Babylonians came to her
Chaldea then the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love and they defiled
into the bed of love and they defiled
into the bed of love and they defiled her with their immorality so she was
her with their immorality so she was
her with their immorality so she was defiled by them and alienated herself
defiled by them and alienated herself
defiled by them and alienated herself from them she revealed her harlotry and
from them she revealed her harlotry and
from them she revealed her harlotry and uncovered her nakedness
uncovered her nakedness
uncovered her nakedness then I alienated myself from her as I
then I alienated myself from her as I
then I alienated myself from her as I had alienated myself from her sister yet
had alienated myself from her sister yet
had alienated myself from her sister yet she multiplied her harlotry in calling
she multiplied her harlotry in calling
she multiplied her harlotry in calling to remembrance the days of her youth
to remembrance the days of her youth
to remembrance the days of her youth when she had played the harlot in the
when she had played the harlot in the
when she had played the harlot in the land of Egypt for she lusted for her
land of Egypt for she lusted for her
land of Egypt for she lusted for her paramours whose flesh is like the flesh
paramours whose flesh is like the flesh
paramours whose flesh is like the flesh of donkeys and whose issue is like the
of donkeys and whose issue is like the
of donkeys and whose issue is like the issue of horses
issue of horses
issue of horses thus you call to remembrance the
thus you call to remembrance the
thus you call to remembrance the lewdness of your youth when the
lewdness of your youth when the
lewdness of your youth when the Egyptians pressed your bosom because of
Egyptians pressed your bosom because of
Egyptians pressed your bosom because of your youthful breasts therefore o
your youthful breasts therefore o
your youthful breasts therefore o hallabong thus says the Lord God behold
hallabong thus says the Lord God behold
hallabong thus says the Lord God behold I will stir up your lovers against you
I will stir up your lovers against you
I will stir up your lovers against you from whom you have alienated yourself
from whom you have alienated yourself
from whom you have alienated yourself and I will bring them against you from
and I will bring them against you from
and I will bring them against you from every side
every side
every side the Babylonians all the Chaldeans P
the Babylonians all the Chaldeans P
the Babylonians all the Chaldeans P could sha KOA all the Assyrians with
could sha KOA all the Assyrians with
could sha KOA all the Assyrians with them all of them desirable young men
them all of them desirable young men
them all of them desirable young men governors and rulers captains and men of
governors and rulers captains and men of
governors and rulers captains and men of renown all of them riding on horses and
renown all of them riding on horses and
renown all of them riding on horses and they shall come against you with
they shall come against you with
they shall come against you with chariots
chariots
chariots wagons and war horses with a horde of
wagons and war horses with a horde of
wagons and war horses with a horde of people they shall array against you
people they shall array against you
people they shall array against you buckler shield and helmet all around I
buckler shield and helmet all around I
buckler shield and helmet all around I will delegate judgment to them and they
will delegate judgment to them and they
will delegate judgment to them and they shall judge you according to their
shall judge you according to their
shall judge you according to their judgments I will set my jealousy against
judgments I will set my jealousy against
judgments I will set my jealousy against you and they shall deal furiously with
you and they shall deal furiously with
you and they shall deal furiously with you they shall remove your nose and your
you they shall remove your nose and your
you they shall remove your nose and your ears and your remnant shall fall by the
ears and your remnant shall fall by the
ears and your remnant shall fall by the salt they shall take your sons and your
salt they shall take your sons and your
salt they shall take your sons and your daughters and your remnant shall be
daughters and your remnant shall be
daughters and your remnant shall be devoured by fire they shall also strip
devoured by fire they shall also strip
devoured by fire they shall also strip you of your clothes and take away your
you of your clothes and take away your
you of your clothes and take away your beautiful jewelry thus I will make you
beautiful jewelry thus I will make you
beautiful jewelry thus I will make you cease your lewdness and your harlotries
cease your lewdness and your harlotries
cease your lewdness and your harlotries brought from the land of Egypt so that
brought from the land of Egypt so that
brought from the land of Egypt so that you will not lift your eyes to them nor
you will not lift your eyes to them nor
you will not lift your eyes to them nor remember Egypt anymore surely I will
remember Egypt anymore surely I will
remember Egypt anymore surely I will deliver you into the hand of those you
deliver you into the hand of those you
deliver you into the hand of those you hate into the hand of those from whom
hate into the hand of those from whom
hate into the hand of those from whom you alienated yourself they will deal
you alienated yourself they will deal
you alienated yourself they will deal hatefully with you take away all you
hatefully with you take away all you
hatefully with you take away all you have worked for and leave you naked and
have worked for and leave you naked and
have worked for and leave you naked and bear the nakedness of your harlotry
bear the nakedness of your harlotry
bear the nakedness of your harlotry shall be uncovered both your lewdness
shall be uncovered both your lewdness
shall be uncovered both your lewdness and your harlotry I will do these things
and your harlotry I will do these things
and your harlotry I will do these things to you because you have gone as a harlot
to you because you have gone as a harlot
to you because you have gone as a harlot after the Gentiles because you have
after the Gentiles because you have
after the Gentiles because you have become defiled by their idols you have
become defiled by their idols you have
become defiled by their idols you have walked in the way of your system
walked in the way of your system
walked in the way of your system therefore I will put her cart in your
therefore I will put her cart in your
therefore I will put her cart in your hand
hand
hand you shall drink of your sisters cut the
you shall drink of your sisters cut the
you shall drink of your sisters cut the deep and wide one you shall be laughed
deep and wide one you shall be laughed
deep and wide one you shall be laughed to scorn and held in derision it
to scorn and held in derision it
to scorn and held in derision it contains much you will be filled with
contains much you will be filled with
contains much you will be filled with drunkenness and sorrow the carp of
drunkenness and sorrow the carp of
drunkenness and sorrow the carp of horror and desolation the cough of your
horror and desolation the cough of your
horror and desolation the cough of your sister Samaria you shall drink and drain
sister Samaria you shall drink and drain
sister Samaria you shall drink and drain it you shall break its shards and tear
it you shall break its shards and tear
it you shall break its shards and tear at your own breasts for I have spoken
at your own breasts for I have spoken
at your own breasts for I have spoken therefore thus says the Lord God because
therefore thus says the Lord God because
therefore thus says the Lord God because you have forgotten me and cast me behind
you have forgotten me and cast me behind
you have forgotten me and cast me behind your back
your back
your back therefore you shall bear the penalty of
therefore you shall bear the penalty of
therefore you shall bear the penalty of your lewdness and your harlotry the Lord
your lewdness and your harlotry the Lord
your lewdness and your harlotry the Lord also said to me son of man will you
also said to me son of man will you
also said to me son of man will you judge ojala and O Halima then declared
judge ojala and O Halima then declared
judge ojala and O Halima then declared to them their abominations for they have
to them their abominations for they have
to them their abominations for they have committed adultery and blood is on their
committed adultery and blood is on their
committed adultery and blood is on their hands they have committed adultery with
hands they have committed adultery with
hands they have committed adultery with their idols and even sacrificed their
their idols and even sacrificed their
their idols and even sacrificed their sons whom they bore to me passing them
sons whom they bore to me passing them
sons whom they bore to me passing them through the fire to devour them moreover
through the fire to devour them moreover
through the fire to devour them moreover they have done this to me
they have done this to me
they have done this to me they have defiled my sanctuary on the
they have defiled my sanctuary on the
they have defiled my sanctuary on the same day and profaned my Sabbath's for
same day and profaned my Sabbath's for
same day and profaned my Sabbath's for after they had slain their children for
after they had slain their children for
after they had slain their children for their idols on the same day they came
their idols on the same day they came
their idols on the same day they came into my sanctuary to profane it and
into my sanctuary to profane it and
into my sanctuary to profane it and indeed thus they have done in the midst
indeed thus they have done in the midst
indeed thus they have done in the midst of my house furthermore you sent for men
of my house furthermore you sent for men
of my house furthermore you sent for men to come from afar to whom a Messenger
to come from afar to whom a Messenger
to come from afar to whom a Messenger was
was
was sent and there they came and you washed
sent and there they came and you washed
sent and there they came and you washed yourself for them painted your eyes and
yourself for them painted your eyes and
yourself for them painted your eyes and adorned yourself with ornaments you sat
adorned yourself with ornaments you sat
adorned yourself with ornaments you sat on a stately couch with the table
on a stately couch with the table
on a stately couch with the table prepared before it on which you had set
prepared before it on which you had set
prepared before it on which you had set my incense and my oil the sound of a
my incense and my oil the sound of a
my incense and my oil the sound of a carefree multitude was with her and
carefree multitude was with her and
carefree multitude was with her and Serbians were brought from the
Serbians were brought from the
Serbians were brought from the wilderness with men of the common sort
wilderness with men of the common sort
wilderness with men of the common sort who put bracelets on their wrists and
who put bracelets on their wrists and
who put bracelets on their wrists and beautiful crowns on their heads
beautiful crowns on their heads
beautiful crowns on their heads then I said concerning her who had grown
then I said concerning her who had grown
then I said concerning her who had grown old in adulteries will they commit
old in adulteries will they commit
old in adulteries will they commit harlotry with her now and she with them
harlotry with her now and she with them
harlotry with her now and she with them yet they went into her as men go into a
yet they went into her as men go into a
yet they went into her as men go into a woman who plays the harlot thus they
woman who plays the harlot thus they
woman who plays the harlot thus they went into ojala and ojala bar the lewd
went into ojala and ojala bar the lewd
went into ojala and ojala bar the lewd women but righteous men will judge them
women but righteous men will judge them
women but righteous men will judge them after the manner of adulteresses and
after the manner of adulteresses and
after the manner of adulteresses and after the manner of women who shed blood
after the manner of women who shed blood
after the manner of women who shed blood because they are adulteresses and blood
because they are adulteresses and blood
because they are adulteresses and blood is on their hands
is on their hands
is on their hands father says the Lord God bring up an
father says the Lord God bring up an
father says the Lord God bring up an assembly against them give them up to
assembly against them give them up to
assembly against them give them up to trouble and plunder the assembly shall
trouble and plunder the assembly shall
trouble and plunder the assembly shall stone them with stones and execute them
stone them with stones and execute them
stone them with stones and execute them with their swords they shall slay their
with their swords they shall slay their
with their swords they shall slay their sons and their daughters and burn their
sons and their daughters and burn their
sons and their daughters and burn their houses with fire thus I will cause
houses with fire thus I will cause
houses with fire thus I will cause lewdness to cease from the land that all
lewdness to cease from the land that all
lewdness to cease from the land that all women may be taught not to practice your
women may be taught not to practice your
women may be taught not to practice your lewdness they shall repay you for your
lewdness they shall repay you for your
lewdness they shall repay you for your lewdness and you shall pay for your
lewdness and you shall pay for your
lewdness and you shall pay for your idolatrous sins then you shall know that
idolatrous sins then you shall know that
idolatrous sins then you shall know that I am the Lord God
I am the Lord God
I am the Lord God [Music]